And next, we have this app,
this AWS CDK new app.
And what is an app?
What are we even declaring here?
CDK has this very interesting
concept of constructs, all right?
And the way I like to think
of CDK is like Lego pieces.
You're gonna have bigger Lego pieces.
They can put smaller Lego pieces and
even smaller Lego pieces they
can put on those smaller ones.
So it's like once you define something,
you define something else that gets
attached to that higher level definition
and smaller components that
get attached to those.
Where I'm going with this is that app
acts as our kind of source of truth and
the biggest first
construct implementation.
That first Lego piece that we will
then bind all the other infrastructure
to next to where
the application came from,
where was this infrastructure deployed,
where did it come from?
And so
that's what kind of app does for us.
And then we will use app be passed
in to the next smaller component,
which is a concept called stacks.
And stacks, I'm gonna switch back to
the presentation here for just a second.
Stacks are basically a collection of
individual infrastructure, all right?
So you have a stack and that stack can
have many different components to it.
An example that we're gonna write today,
we're gonna have one stack with
three pieces of infrastructure.
Three resources defined within that stack,
which is AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB,
and the API Gateway, okay?
So we're gonna piece those together
to find them to our stack and
our stack is gonna bind
to our app construct.
Again, think Lego pieces, okay,
where the lowest level are these
individual resources here.
In your application code, you have
multiple stacks, multiple resources,
up to how you're gonna define them.
We're gonna keep it into one stack, and
this can allow us to kind of organize
our code in a bit more of
a constructed way, okay?
So you go back, that is exactly what
this NewGoCdkStack function does.
So I'm gonna jump into it,
even though it's defined right above.
So here, we have this function,
and it's taking in arguments,
it's taking in a scope,
which is a type of construct, an ID, and
props, properties, which we will
then use to help us add different
capabilities to our constructs,
different parameters.
This could be anything from logging,
identity, environment variables,
specific things like that,
that's where properties comes into play.
But what I want you to really pay
attention to just right now is the first
argument, the scope construct.
Because when we call NewGoCdk,
we are passing in our app into
this first argument, right?
Again, so I'm just emphasizing
the point of Lego pieces.
App gets passed in stacks,
gets attached to app, and
stacks then gets attached, or
resources then get attached to our stacks.
So if we dive a little deeper into this,
I'm gonna keep the example, and
I hope you all didn't
delete the example too,
cuz it's a really good one
to strengthen this point.
But first, what we're basically doing
is constructing our properties, right?
If our properties are not nil, we're gonna
instantiate our new properties and then
we're gonna use those properties to define
our stack, right, this line right here.
It looks very similar to the app
declaration we just saw right here, right?
We have app is instantiated and
declared as new app,
whereas if we scrolled right above,
we have stack which is declared and
initialized as NewStack, okay?
And this NewStack takes in
the scope which is our app id and
the reference to those properties, okay?
So far, that's okay, cool.
And then this is really the core
piece that I wanna double down on.
This is an example of resource.
This CDK init app gave us an example
resource as a queuing system,
this awssqs.NewQueue, and
this is an individual resource.
This is just like the Lambda,
the DynamoDB, the API Gateway,
which I shared in the previous slide.
So if I just go, I know I'm
moving back and forth, so please.
But think of the cue that we see in
this example as just being one of those
inner weight rectangles, okay?
And this inner weight rectangle
wouldn't be binded to our stack, okay?
So if you go back, you can see
that if we were to uncommon this,
you guys don't have to do this,
just kind of follow along.
We have, and let's just,
import this just for a second,
just we don't get our
compiler yelling at us.
But we have this queue, and if you notice,
this queue is taking in that stack
that we just defined, whoops, sorry,
Okay, and if we dive deep into this queue,
if we just go into it,
it's taking in the exact
same type signature.
It's taking in this type
of constructs.Construct.
Okay, so at the end of the day,
no matter what level you are,
if you're at the app level, stack level,
resource level, we're always communicating
with this concept of constructs,
this concept of Lego pieces, okay?
And this resource is gonna be that lowest
level that accepts a construct that will
then bind to.
All right, and at the end of this
function, we return our stack.
So we have now binded
a resource into a stack, and
we've returned it back when we
call this NewGoCdkStack function.
So we have it here, and
now we do app.Synth,
because now we know that
we're gonna return a stack.
Our app can synthesize that we have passed
down the app construct to a stack and
we are then going to compile and
create what we need for AWS to read,
hey, I need the following resources
defined inside of our stack.
Initializing this, do you have to
manage ports and things like this or
is that it's all abstracted away?
You don't even have to manage any ports.
Nothing's gonna be binding on your port
here, on your computer to the cloud.
And the port management between
resources is done via CDK.
There's some resources that you do
have to do some port manipulation.
But for the most case,
CDK does abstract it for you and
it kinda used the content of
more config and stuff, but
that's still something that
you'd pass into the properties.
Of okay,
I wanna actually run on this port or
to something that's specific to my needs
that you can control with the props.
Okay, and one last portion here.
So this props isn't necessarily empty,
we're passing in this Env value.
And Env value is this env function.
If you go down, it's this really big
piece of commented out code, but
if you really look at it,
it's just returning nil.
Now, the reason why it's returning nil
is because it's using the default AWS
account and region that you set
up when you run AWS configure.
When you map your CDK,
it knows all of that kind of innately and
use the default properties.
But for whatever reason,
let's say you want to deploy this stack to
a different account or a different region,
this example shows exactly how you
can do that with the Following.
You can just return an AWS CDK environment
and specify directly the account and
the region or
any other kinda property you want, okay?
So for our case,
we're gonna keep it as default
just to kind of extract some
further kind of nuance.
But that's something I do wanna
point out that that is how you can
control the development and
the deployment of your application.